## Part 1: IA mentor meeting

10/02/2022, 1:00 PM.

## Part 2a: Elaborated Service Overview

### 1. What will your server do?

Our server is used for task management. Users can create their own task lists, add tasks into lists, and view and manage the tasks. Multiple users can have their own task lists. In addition, multiple users can cooperate on one task lists. Users can subscribe their task lists by HTTP PUSH, so it can get updates in time. 

Users' tasks are persisted on graph database, Neo4j. The reason that we choose Neo4j is if we use traditional database like MySQL, we need to use a lot of `join`s to extract the needed view. However, graph database can provide more flexible functionality, for example, we can easily represent the relationship between users and tasks, and we can also let multiple users connect to one task to represent cooperation.

We also have protection mechanism. Each user need to be authenticated before they get their account information. Each task has their own authorization list to provide access permission.

### 2. Who or what will be its users?

Users who want to manage multiple tasks and schedule their timetable carefully are prospective to use our service. Moreover, our task management service can be generalized to support any list applications, such as wishing lists, shipping lists, etc.

Also, our service is deployed on google cloud platform. So users can access our service world-wide.

### 3. What kind of data will your service create or accumulate? What will the data be used for?

1) We need to collect user's information to identify different users and customize our service for each user.
2) We create a database scheme named `user` which uses `user_id` as a key. This scheme stores user information.
3) We create a database scheme named `task_list` which uses unique `task_list_id` as a key. This scheme is used for maintaining different task lists for different users.
4) We create another database scheme named `task` which uses `task_list_id` and `task_id` as a key. This scheme is used for storing different tasks for different task lists.

## Part 2b: Describe Three Clients

The first kind of client is to-do lists. For example, Microsoft To Do. Users can create the tasks they need to do in the future and review the tasks they create.

The second kind of client is shopping lists. For example, amazon shopping list. Users can add the items they want to buy to the list and delete the items they do not want. They can add or delete items in batch.

The third kind of client is apps like twitter. Users can create a tweet just like adding an item in a list. They can also revise a tweet which is similar to revise item information. And also delete a tweet.

## Part 3

- Before we start to test the business logic in our API, we should test our in-memory database to ensure data persistence. We could first construct our database schemas and insert some data into it. Then we may test whether the data persists when we do CRUD. 

- First of all, for authentication, we plan to use open source authentication software like **OAuth2** to take care of client authentication. Then we could create different user credentials, add them into databases, and then send mocked log in requests with **Google RPC** from clients to the server.

- Since we rely on **Google Test**, **Google RPC**, and **libcurl** for our API testing, the testing process wouldn't rely on an interactive UI. An administrator console may be needed in order to start the tests we write for our functions.

## Part4

- Build tools. Our project will be mainly developed in C++, so we'll use **cmake** or **bazel**
as our main method to build and organize our project. For the specific compilers and tool chains
to actually compile the program, we'll be using **GNU make** and **G++** or **clang** for Linux users,
and probably **VC++** for Windows users.

- Style checker. To ensure the style of our code is consistent and graceful, we'll use automatic
style checking tool **clang-format** to maintain the style of our code. We'll first discuss the
code style checking rules in advance and write a `.clang-format` file to be put in the main directory
of our project. Each new code patch will be checked by **clang-format** against the `.clang-format`
file before it can be committed.

- Static bug finder. **clangd** will be our main tool for static bug analysis. It works well together with
vscode or CLion, so our teamates with different developing platforms could all use that.

- Test runner. Our main test runner will be **Google Test**. For each class, we'll have a `test_xxx.cpp`
file to conduct the corresponding unit tests, and we'll `TEST_T` for each public or private function for
the classes.

- Mocking framework. **GMock Framework** will be our tool for mocking the objects in testing. We'll also use **GTest**, **GRPC** and **libcurl** in our integrated test to mock some user http requests and see if the service responds correctly.

- Coverage tracker. We might use **opencppcoverage** or **Clang Source-based Code Coverage** to measure
the coverage of the tested code.

- Other frameworks. **C++ REST SDK** or **Google RPC** might be used for implementing our HTTP RESTful APIs. **Google Proto Buffers** or **Thrift** might be used for formatting and transferring
the messages between some of our backend micro-services. **SQLAPI++** or other database clients might be used
to connect our backend services with databases, depending on the type of databases we use. **nlohmann json**
or **RapidJSON** could be used to handle some json-formatted data. **cpp-jwt** might be used for encode and decode
the tokens and cookies of our users. **Github Actions** could be used for CI/CD purposes.
